hi I'm Jeff gamete from the maqam server
and today I'm going to show you how you
can take more control over the audio
settings on your Mac first you can
always go up to System Preferences and
choose the sound preference pane and
select your output and then use the the
volume slider here to control how loud
or how quiet your Mac is that however
takes several steps you could also use
the sound menu bar option and from here
you just have a slider where you can
adjust the volume and for those of you
that are curious as to why I have all
these menu options that are dropping
down below I'm also using a cool little
utility called bartender okay so you can
use System Preferences and you can use
the menu bar item to control your volume
you can also use F Levin and f12 and
most people are familiar with that
f12 increases your volume f11 decreases
your volume but you also get that little
click sound that goes along with it if
you need to adjust your volume without
disturbing anyone else simply hold down
the shift key while you adjust the
volume and you don't hear the audio
clicks to go along with with the volume
change that's very cool
okay now if you want to adjust your
volume in smaller increments go ahead
and hold down the option key with the
shift key as you adjust the volume and
you'll hear the audio clicks but you
also see that you have several smaller
increments that that you'll cycle
through as you're going up and down in
your volume so it gives you really fine
control over your volume level without
having to go and use the sliders and
there you go there's a couple cool
little tips for getting more out of your
volume control on your Mac I'm Jeff
gammit for the Mac observer thanks for
watching